Now what we learned how to add users to our application,
let's take a step backward and let's have a look at an important topic that is related to any visitor,
no matter if he or she is authenticated or not, interacting with your website.
I'm talking about handling user input and most importantly, that will be the topic of this module, validating
that user input.
Therefore in this module,
we'll have a look at why validation is important,
so what do I mean with validating user input and why would we want to do that
and of course how can we validate user input.
These are the core things and I will show you how you can ensure that the data you work with is really
the data and in the format you expect to get it.
So this is what we'll dive into in this module,
so let's see what exactly validation is and why we would want to add it.